# My Application

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).

At the initial stage, the node and mongodb recent version installation should be available with your system.
Install loopback using npm.
     $ sudo npm install -g strongloop

Create loopback project.
     $ sudo slc loopback 
     and follow the steps regarding the application name and directory saving details.
    
Create models required for the project and set their properties.
     $ sudo slc loopback:model
     $ sudo slc loopback:property

Save the application and run it.
     $ sudo node .

Check server side on browser
     http://localhost:3000/
     http://localhost:3000/explorer/
     
Now integrate mongodb with loopback using mongodb connector.
    $ sudo npm install --save loopback-connector-mongodb

Add datasource to loopback project and respective settings.
    $ sudo slc loopback:datasource
    respectively change the datasources.json and model-config.json file credentials.
    
Save the changes and start mongod service and check the server side
    $ sudo mongod -f /etc/mongod --fork
    $ sudo node .
    also check the database collections.
    $ sudo mongo
    
To write the actual java script code go to the respectives models .js files and 
use remotemethod to give access using accepts and returns.

Apply ACLs to the model to restrict its access.
    $ sudo slc loopback:acl
    first deny access to all and assign it individually to every model
    
Its necessary to have users with project. So create user model and assign to mongodb datasource 
with base class as User.
    $ sudo slc loopback: model
      Name : Admin
      Datasource : Mongodb datasource
      Base Class : User
      
Save everything and run it. Check server side. It will have Admin links with /login and /logout.
First create a user to receive Access Token. It is required to set to use POST request with admin 
authentication.

Yaahhh...Your loopback application is ready....


    
    
    
    
    
    
     

     
     
     

